I've got a really good UDP joke to tell you but I dont know if you'll get it.
How many programmers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for 1.4 root beers.The bartender says "I'll have to charge you extra, that's a root beer float".The guy says "In that case, better make it a double."
A programmer puts two glasses on his bedside table before going to sleep.A full one, in case he gets thirsty, and an empty one, in case he doesn't.
Java and C were telling jokes. It was C's turn, so he writes something on the wall, points to it and says "Do you get the reference?" But Java didn't.
A SQL statement walks into a bar and sees two tables.It approaches, and asks "may I join you?"
Why did the web developer walk out of a resturant in disgust? The seating was laid out in tables.
Why is 6 afraid of 7 in hexadecimal Canada? Because 7 8 9 A?
Programming is like sex. Make one mistake and you end up supporting it for the rest of your life.
Your mama's so FAT she can't save files bigger than 4GB.
Hey, wanna hear a joke? Parsing HTML with regex.
Why do programmers confuse Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
// This line doesn't actually do anything, but the code stops working when I delete it.
Why does no one like SQLrillex? He keeps dropping the database.
What do you call a developer who doesn't comment code? A developer.
Why did the Python programmer not respond to the foreign mails he got? Because his interpreter was busy collecting garbage.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
How can you tell an extroverted programmer? He looks at YOUR shoes when he's talking.
"Honey, go to the store and buy some eggs.""OK.""Oh and while you're there, get some milk."He never returned.
How do you know God is a shitty programmer? He wrote the OS for an entire universe, but didn't leave a single useful comment.
"We messed up the keming again guys."
Why are modern programming languages so materialistic? Because they are object-oriented.
If Bill Gates had a dime for every time Windows crashed ... Oh wait, he does.
The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
A byte walks into a bar looking miserable.The bartender asks it: "What's wrong buddy?""Parity error." it replies. "Ah that makes sense, I thought you looked a bit off."
ASCII silly question, get a silly ANSI.
What do you get if you lock a monkey in a room with a typewriter for 8 hours? A regular expression.
Java is like Alzheimer's, it starts off slow, but eventually, your memory is gone.
Two C strings walk into a bar.The bartender asks "What can I get ya?"The first string says "I'll have a gin and tonic."The second string thinks for a minute, then says "I'll take a tequila sunriseJF()#$JF(#)$(@J#()$@#())!*FNIN!OBN134ufh1ui34hf9813f8h8384h981h3984h5F!##@"The first string apologizes, "You'll have to excuse my friend, he's not null-terminated."
What do you call a group of 8 Hobbits? A Hobbyte.
Saying that Java is nice because it works on every OS is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on every gender.
Why did the JavaScript heap close shop? It ran out of memory.
What is the best prefix for global variables? //
Today I learned that changing random stuff until your program works is "hacky" and a "bad coding practice" but if you do it fast enough it's "Machine Learning" and pays 4x your current salary.
Eight bytes walk into a bar.The bartender asks, "Can I get you anything?""Yeah," reply the bytes."Make us a double."
There are only 10 kinds of people in this world: those who know binary and those who don't.
"Knock, knock.""Who's there?"[very long pause]"Java."
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.
A man is smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke rings into the air. His girlfriend becomes irritated with the smoke and says "Can't you see the warning on the cigarette pack? Smoking is hazardous to your health!" to which the man replies, "I am a programmer.  We don't worry about warnings; we only worry about errors."
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
Debugging: Removing the needles from the haystack.
Hey Girl,Roses are #ff0000,Violets are #0000ff,I use hex codes,But I'd use RGB for you.
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you're also the murderer at the same time.
How do you tell HTML from HTML5?- Try it out in Internet Explorer- Did it work?- No?- It's HTML5.
Have a great weekend!I hope your code behaves the same on Monday as it did on Friday.
Judge: "I sentence you to the maximum punishment..."Me (thinking): "Please be death, please be death..."Judge: "Learn Java!"Me: "Damn."
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
Genders are a lot like booleans. There's only two of them.
Why did the functional programmer get thrown out of school? Because he refused to take classes.
.NET developers are picky when it comes to food. They only like chicken NuGet.
Why do programmers wear glasses? Because they need to C#
Algorithm: A word used by programmers when they don't want to explain how their code works.
So what's a set of predefined steps the government might take to preserve the environment? An Al-Gore-ithm.
Why do Java programmers hate communism? They don't want to live in a classless society.
Hey baby I wish your name was asynchronous... ... so you'd give me a callback.
Your momma is so fat, you need to switch to NTFS to store a picture of her.
What is a dying programmer's last program? Goodbye, world!
"Can I tell you a TCP joke?""Please tell me a TCP joke.""OK, I'll tell you a TCP joke."
I asked my wife if I was the only one she's been with. She said, "Yes, the others were at least sevens or eights."
Thank you student loans for getting me through college. I don't think I'll ever be able to repay you.
Why is crucified Jesus always depicted with six-pack abs? He did CrossFit.
Why is every gender equality officer female? Because it's cheaper.
One time I masturbated on a plane. I called it "highjacking".
I used to love to tell dad jokes. Dad, come back...
What do you call a cop's penis after he's done masturbating? Pulled pork.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing but de brie.
The average penis has... Been in and around my ex-girlfriend's mouth.Fuck you, Karen!
What kind of car did Whitney Houston drive? A Hyundaiiiiiiiiiiii
I had a granny that we couldn't decide whether to bury or cremate In the end we decided to just let her live.
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080p.
What happens when you don't obey the KGB? You get Putin jail.
Arguing with a woman is like reading a software's license agreement. In the end you ignore everything and click "I agree".
Two reasons I don't give money to homeless people. 1) They are going to spend it all on drugs and alcohol 2) I am going to spend it all on drugs and alcohol.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks for a price on a drink.The barkeeper says: "For you... no charge!"
A horse walks into a bar."Hey", the Bartender says."Sure", the horse replies.
My girlfriend left me because I have a fetish for touching pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni now.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
9/11 jokes are not funny. The other 2 though, are hilarious!
I WRITE MY JOKES IN CAPITALS. THIS ONE WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS.
What do Japanese cannibals eat? Raw men.
So I made a graph of all my past relationships. It has an ex axis and a why axis.
My wife left me because I'm too insecure and paranoid. Oh wait, never mind. She was just getting the mail.
I have these weird muscle spasms in my gluteus maximus.I figured out from my doctor that everything was alright:He said "Weird flex, butt okay."
Went to the doctors for a prostate exam. During the exam he said it's not unusual to become aroused or even ejaculate. But still, I wish he hadn't.
If I make you breakfast in bed, a simple thank you is all I need. Not all this "How the fuck did you get in my house?!" nonsense.
My wife divorced me so I stole her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back.
Why did the Romanian stop reading? They wanted to give the Bucharest.
I hate Russian matryoshka dolls. They're so full of themselves.
Mom asked me where I'm taking her to go out to eat for mother's day. I told her, "We already have food in the house".
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit's Fingers.
Oysters hate to give away their pearls because they are shellfish.
How many nice guys does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed off when it won't screw.
What's the difference between an in-law and an outlaw? An outlaw is wanted.
I told my psychiatrist I got suicidal tendencies. He said from now on I have to pay in advance.
My mother said, "You won't amount to anything because you always procrastinate." I said, "Oh yeah... Just you wait."
What do Asian people call fingers? Limb Limbs.
I didn't vaccinate my 10 kids and the one that survived is fine!
I'm thinking of setting up a comedy group to help people going through cancer treatment. I'll call it "A Sense of Tumor".
I've been in 15 school shootings and I was lucky to survive! I just had to be nice with the cops and not resist.
Why are there no pharmacies in Africa? Because you can't use medicine on an empty stomach.
People are like jellybeans and licorice: No one likes the blacks.
What do an orgasm and a pulse have in common? I don't care if she has one.
What's the difference between an apple and a black guy? The apple will eventually fall from the tree that it's hanging from!
Me and my Jewish friend were eating lunch and I farted. He got mad so I said "cmon man a little gas never killed anyone".
How long does a black woman take to throw away the garbage? Nine months.
Why are Americans shit at Dota? They can't protect their towers.
Everyone says that Hitler really loved animals. Then why did he kill 6 million of them?
Life's like my dick. The more children you have, the harder it gets.
Why do German showers have 11 holes? Because Jews only have 10 fingers.
What's the most notable similarity between a pedophile and a roller coaster? They both make a child scream, but the first ride's never the last
How do we know Jesus wasn't black? He would have been hung from a tree, not a cross.
My grandma was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's, and she keeps calling me by the wrong name. Other than that, the sex is great.
What do dermatologists and the KKK have in common? They both remove blackheads.
Muslim women are horrible competitors. No matter what they do, they always get beat.
Stop being homophobic and rude to the LGBTQ+ community. You should be thanking them for saving us plenty of room in heaven.
What did one necrophiliac tell the other necrophiliac after work? "Let's go have a couple of cold ones!"
White people don't shoot each other in the streets as black people do. They do it in schools because they have class.
Dark humor is like cancer. It's more funny when children get it.
Jokes about anti-vaxxer parents never get old. Just like their kids.
What do you call a kid with no arms and an eyepatch? Names.
What's the difference between a baby and a pile of sand? You can't pick a pile of sand up with a pitchfork.
What's the difference between a baby and a watermelon? One's satisfying to hit with a sledgehammer. The other's a watermelon.
What's the difference between a little girl and a fridge? Fridges don't scream when you put your meat in them.
The six stages of debugging:1. That can't happen.2. That doesn't happen on my machine.3. That shouldn't happen.4. Why does that happen?5. Oh, I see.6. How did that ever work?
I was walking down the street and saw some black guy on a bike and it looked just like mine so I ran home to check. Thankfully he was still chained up in my basement.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
How do you generate a random string? Put a Windows user in front of Vim and tell them to exit.
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
What do you use to blindfold an Asian? Floss.
What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowntain.
How does a Jewish person make tea? Hebrews it.
Four engineers get into a car. The car won't start.The Mechanical engineer says "It's a broken starter".The Electrical engineer says "Dead battery".The Chemical engineer says "Impurities in the gasoline".The IT engineer says "Hey guys, I have an idea: How about we all get out of the car and get back in".
Nowadays people are so sensitive, you can't even say "black paint" anymore.Instead, you have to say "Jamal, please paint the fence".
Why does Beyonce sing "to the left, to the left"? Because women don't have rights.
What's black and sits at the top of a stairwell? A paraplegic after a house fire.
Why do Hong Kong cops like to go to work early? To beat the crowd.
What does tofu and a dildo have in common? They're both meat substitutes.
Doctor: "I have some news about your baby."Parents: "Don't tell us the gender, we want to keep it a surprise."Doctor: "Oh I get it, you're those type of people. Okay, well IT is not breathing."
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly queue.
What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper? He's a fizzician.
What's the difference between a hot potato and a flying pig? One's a heated yam, the other's a yeeted ham.
What's the difference between a feminist and a grenade? The grenade actually accomplishes something when it triggers.
When I was a kid, I made a really big sandcastle with my grandma. Unfortunately, that didn't impress anyone at the cremation...
What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas? I don't know, he hasn't opened it yet.
My neighbor is a 90 year old with Alzheimer's, I see him every morning and he asks me If I've seen his wife.Every day I have to tell this poor man that his wife died 20 years ago.I could have moved to another house or even ignore his question. But the look of joy in his eyes whenever I answer him is worth the world.
This morning I accidentally made my coffee with Red Bull instead of water. I was already on the highway when I noticed I forgot my car at home.
How did you make your friend rage? I implemented a greek question mark in his JavaScript code.
The gas Argon walks into a bar.The barkeeper says "What would you like to drink?" But Argon doesn't react.
Women are like KFC, once you're done with the breasts and thighs, you just have a greasy box to put your bone in.
The KKK isn't really that racist. I went to one of their meetings and there were a lot of black people hanging around.
Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle? His wife is dead.
My ex had an accident. I told the paramedics the wrong blood type for her. She'll finally experience what rejection is really like.
What part of a vegetable are you not supposed to eat? The wheelchair.
What do Ted Bundy and the Space Shuttle Columbia have in common? They both left bodies in four states.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
What does a woman's pussy and a chainsaw have in common? Miss by a few inches and you're in deep shit.
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? He wiped his ass.
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
My first high-school football game was a lot like my first time having sex... I was bloody and sore at the end, but at least my dad came.
Say what you want about pedophiles... But at least they drive slowly through the school zones.
Dark humor is like food, not everyone gets it.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator? A refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out of it.
I'm sure good looking lesbians look at fat lesbians and give them no chance. Until they see their fingers.
My little daughter came to me all excited, saying "Daddy! Daddy! Guess how old I'll be in June!""Oh I don't know princess, why don't you tell me?" I said. She gave me a huge smile and held up four fingers.It's now three hours later, police have joined in and she still won't say where she got them.
Dads are like boomerangs. I hope.
I like my girls how I like my COVID. 19 and easily spread.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Two peanuts were walking. One was assaulted.
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-Bees.
A grocery store cashier asked if I would like my milk in a bag. I told her "No, thanks. The carton works fine".
What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit.
How many Jews can you fit into a car? Two in the front, three in the back, and a hundred in the ashtray.
What is the difference between a pizza and a black man? A pizza can feed a family of five.
What is the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
What do you call a witch at the beach? A Sandwich.
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Sinko.
My grandfather says I'm too reliant on technology.I called him a hypocrite and unplugged his life support.
Why do Jewish women prefer circumcised men? Cause they won't take anything until it's atleast 10% off.
Knock knock.Who's there?Recursion.Recursion who?Knock knock.
What is the difference between the Constitutions of the USA and the USSR? Don't both of them guarantee freedom of speech? Yes, but the Constitution of the USA also guarantees freedom after the speech.
Why was the river rich? Because it had two banks.
Why didn't the skeleton go for prom? Because it had nobody.
Being a self-taught developer is almost the same as being a cut neck chicken because you have no sense of direction in the beginning.
Two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
Why can't orphans play baseball? They don't know where home is.
I told my wife to shave her pussy. I woke up bald.
What's the difference between a school bus and a cactus? A cactus keeps the little pricks on the outside.
Why are men like lawnmowers? They are very hard to get started, they make yucky smells and half the time they don't even work.
What did the customer say to the waiter? I'm all fed up with your service.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
Why did the koala get rejected? Because he did not have any koalafication.
What is the most used language in programming? Profanity.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Relationship Status: just tried to reach for my dog's paw and he pulled it away so I pretended I was reaching for the remote.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar. It was tense.
What did the cell say when his sister cell stepped on his foot? Mitosis.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears.11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction.So I packed up my stuff and right.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
How do you make holy water? You freeze it and drill holes in it.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Dam.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking...JK, Rolling.
I was going to tell a dead baby joke. But I decided to abort.
I'll never forget my Granddad's last words to me just before he died. "Are you still holding the ladder?"
Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in the mud and cross the road again? He was a dirty double-crosser!
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
What are bits? Tiny things left when you drop your computer down the stairs.
Where do sick cruise ships go to get healthy? The dock!
Has COVID-19 forced you to wear glasses and a mask at the same time? If so, you may be entitled to condensation.
Why did the programmer jump on the table? Because debug was on his screen.
I walked into a bar once. It really hurt my head.
What's grey and comes in pints? An elephant.
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof.
What do you tell a woman with 2 black eyes? Nothing. You already told her twice.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the jews? Harry escaped the chamber.
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works, but then it struck me.
Two SQL tables sit at the bar. A query approaches and asks "Can I join you?"
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work!
Why was the mushroom always invited to parties? Cause he's a fungi.
What do you call a bird sitting with their legs spread? A prostitweety.
Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse are in the divorce court."Mickey", the judge says, "I'm sorry. I can't grant you a divorce on the grounds of insanity. Minnie seems quite sane to me." "I didn't say she was insane", exclaims Mickey."I said she was fucking Goofy."
Why do they call it hyper terminal? Too much Java.
How does a black woman fight crime? She has an abortion.
I don't know where I stand on abortion. I like killing babies, but I don't like giving women a choice.
Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girlfriend? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang rape.
How much did your chimney cost? Nothing, it was on the house.
Why do programmers prefer using the dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.
What does the MacBook have in common with Donald Trump?I would tell you....But I don't compare apples to oranges.
Why did the Python data scientist get arrested at customs? She was caught trying to import pandas!
My parents raised me as an only child, which really annoyed my younger brother.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
I have a fish that can breakdance! Only for 20 seconds though, and only once.
I have a joke about trickle down economics, but 99% of you will never get it.
How do you keep black people out of your back yard? Hang one in the front!
What's long and hard and has cum in it? A cucumber.
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claustrophobia!
Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can 'ho ho ho'!
Why did Santa's helper see the doctor? Because he had a low "elf" esteem!
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson!
What says Oh Oh Oh? Santa walking backwards!
Who is Santa's favourite singer? Elf-is Presley!
What's Santa's favourite type of music? Wrap!
What do Santa's little helpers learn at school? The elf-abet!
What do elves post on Social Media? Elf-ies!
Who hides in the bakery at Christmas? A mince spy!
How will Christmas dinner be different after Brexit? No Brussels!
Why couldn't the skeleton go to the Christmas party? Because he had no body to go with!
Why does Santa go down the chimney? Because it soots him!
Why do front end developers eat lunch alone? Because they don't know how to join tables.
Why are cats so good at video games? They have nine lives.
Why did the banana go see a doctor? Because it wasn't peeling well.
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children.If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off tomorrow.
I won the lottery today! Well, I only got the first two numbers, but my lawyers are working on having them stop the count.
UDP is better in the COVID era since it avoids unnecessary handshakes.
Why is Linux safe? Hackers peak through Windows only.
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker? The look on their face when you are nailing them.
Why do Africans have dark skin? It's easier to commit crimes at night.
Why don't jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber.
Why are Assembly programmers always soaking wet? They work below C-level.
Why did the database administrator leave his wife? She had one-to-many relationships.
How did the programmer die in the shower? He read the shampoo bottle instructions: Lather. Rinse. Repeat.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a unicycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Why shouldn't you visit an expensive wig shop? It's too high a price "toupee."
Hey girl are you a school? Because I want to shoot some kids up inside of you.
You see, mountains aren't just funny. They are hill areas.
Never date a baker. They're too kneady.
What does the mermaid wear to math class? Algae-bra.
My husband and I were happy for 20 years. And then we met.
I hate double standards. Burn a body at a crematorium, you're "being a respectful friend." Do it at home and you're "destroying evidence."
My girlfriend's dog died, so I tried to cheer her up by getting her an identical one. It just made her more upset. She screamed at me, "What am I supposed to do with two dead dogs?"
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
"99.9% of the people are dumb!" "Fortunately I belong to the remaining 1%"
No matter how kind you are... German kids are always Kinder.
Which is faster, Hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold
To prove he was right, the flat-earther walked to the end of the Earth. He eventually came around.
I just saw my wife trip over and drop a basket full of ironed clothes. I watched it all unfold.
I was feeling depressed, my wife put her hand on my back and said "Earth." It meant the world to me.
My employer came running to me and said, "I was looking for you all day! Where the hell have you been?" I replied, "Good employees are hard to find."
The other day my wife asked me to pass her lipstick, but I accidentally gave her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
Which part of the hospital has the least privacy? The ICU.
A Roman walks into a bar and raises 2 fingers and says to the bartender... "Five beers, please."
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
A perfectionist walked into a bar... apparently, the bar was not set high enough.
In Soviet Russia, gay sex gets you arrested. In America, getting arrested gets you gay sex.
Why does the size of the snack not matter to a giraffe? Because even a little bit goes a long way.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash.
Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because they didn't Node how to Express themself!
Whats the Grinchs least favorite band? The Who.
why do python programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C.
Why do ghosts go on diets? So they can keep their ghoulish figures.
What is in a ghost's nose? Boo-gers.
What's it like to be kissed by a vampire? It's a pain in the neck.
What does a turkey dress up as for Halloween? A gobblin'!
Why did the ghost go inside the bar? For the boos.
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin!
I have a joke about Stack Overflow, but you would say it's a duplicate.
I just got fired from my job at the keyboard factory. They told me I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home. So I threw him out. I hate having visitors.
Documentation is like sex:When it's good, it's very good.When it's bad, it's better than nothing...
Yo mama is so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
I went to the zoo the other day. There was only a dog in it � it was a shihtzu.
What's the difference between England and a tea bag? The tea bag stays in the cup longer.
What's the difference between a phone and a black person? A phone is actually useful.
What's yellow and can't swim? A bus full of children.
What happened to the cannibal who showed up late to Halloween dinner? They gave him the cold shoulder.
Do you know what killed the man who had a two ton pumpkin fall on him? He was squashed.
I'm not saying my son is ugly... But on Halloween he went to tell the neighbors to turn down their TV and they gave him some candy.
What happened to the man who got behind on payments to his exorcist? He got repossessed.
Why did the ghost go to the bar? To get sheet faced.
Did you hear about the crime in the parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
What do you call a caveman's fart? A blast from the past.
Why should you never talk to pi? Because it will go on forever.
I'd tell you a joke about NAT but I would have to translate.